sure Schmidt be back in 77 way we're
non-contact still good for each other a
little bit last very long soft rock star
they're just kind of what you expected
out of it yeah well in terms of Jo
you're just looking to keep me some
cherries kind of a one mistake guy where
it will make a mistake we'll take the
coaching well and then he usually repeat
it yeah how uncommon is that in a
freshman and early enrolling freshman as
it doesn't have a lot he's pretty unique
is pretty unique America forbearance
technique-wise where is he terms a long
way to go through a long ago he's got
some natural thing you know very square
pleased with our great a larger body
butters natural big again no she almost
out of a guy's 67 to have that leverages
that kind of matched it was that
something that you needed to see how to
get on a spray to have the kind of God
rituals hands yeah I don't know I didn't
anticipate the unique leverage those is
a risk just watch it I move around or
hand all you can see that this plan for
a 308 pounder it's what's a good massage
so when the lever stick show that made a
little bit of sense is if you talk about
Jalen and how much do you claim that
possibly movie was a Sam I next year and
play that position as well I'd say
that's all that just our heads at home
linebackers come along you know we'll
cross train velocity cross taped Rancho
you know who's very bright light and
we'll bet that's ideally in our system
how do we start cross-training
linebackers and we just haven't had you
know the ability to do so as you were
this reassured at numbers probably got
injuries because my ball and Joe's not
here and forgot them back up will i'm
better than just kickin high school you
know that you're trying to see how he's
going to come along he not easy to
balancing things so we just were fooling
ourselves back guys that are to spit
right second half of the season that's
what's been spring the hall that's
that's kind of what it's been having
said that you've got a lot of guys to
develop for very long and they've got to
take advantage of it this is their
opportunity